docs(README): clarify that we provide completion contents (#1671)
scop/bash-completion: README.md

## Introduction

bash-completion is a collection of specific [command-line
completions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_completion) for a
number of commands for the [Bash shell](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)'s

> completion system.  This also provides a collection of helper functions to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
completion system.  Also provided is a collection of helper functions to
```

Author: I applied.
